

KORENILO AJANG DUOT


Juba, Central Equatoria ♦ +211(0)917089734/+211926000232 ♦ korenilo2016@gmail.com



PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Confident, results driven Lawyer with experience in litigation, contract and transactional law who brings not only a legal background in oil and Gas laws, but a solid educational and employment history involving matters related to business development, management, compliance, marketing, and sales.




Case analysis
Strong Investigative abilities
Efficient researcher
Strategic planning
Conflict resolution
Excellent settlement negotiation
SKILLS
Good listening skills
Clerical
Legal writing
Document filing



WORK HISTORY

Senior Contract Specialist, 11/2014 to Present
Procurement Department –Contract Section 
Dar Petroleum Operating Company, – Juba, South Sudan

Key responsibilities:
Evaluated and monitored contract performance to determine the need for contract amendments or extensions and compliance with contractual obligations.
Serving as an acquisition and contracting expert performing pre- and post-award contracting and analysis of complex problems in acquisition management and contracting solutions that afford maximum effectiveness in relation to cost or risk.
Performing reviews to determine and recommend to client the most effective course of action.
Conducting review processes to verify results were correct.
Researching contract files, preparing correspondence, and updating tracking database.
Liaising with Administrative contracting office, and Program office to determine status of various contracting actions.
Facilitating responses required to award contracts, orders, and agreements for IT equipment, software and maintenance services, employee training, security services, cell phones, interpreters, court reporters, surveillance equipment, and electrical projects.
Providing additional functional support on contracting and acquisition projects for commodities and services.
Monitoring the implementation of local content as required by law

Leading/Participating in disputes and conflict resolution
Participating/leading in Arbitration procedures


Senior Partner and Managing Partner | 01/2016 to Current
Spring & Co Advocate - Juba, South Sudan

Key responsibilities:
Reviving documents for workers compensation and personal injury class actions suits.
Investigating complaints of retaliatory and discriminatory.
Presenting and summarizing cases to both judges and juries.
Filling appeals in High courts, Courts of Appeal and Supreme Court.
Conducting legal research and facts investigation for case litigation.
Advising clients of their rights in employment contracts
Negotiating and drafting agreements relating to sale of properties
Offering extensive case status explanations to each client.
Developing detailed litigation strategies for each case.
Drafting and amending complaints.
Advocating discovery documents such as form interrogatories.
Drafting all necessary motions relevant to each case.
Proposing and drafting standard witnesses’ instructions.
Appearing for status conferences and settlement conferences.
Strategically cross-examined witnesses in court.
Analyzing employer policies, procedures and work rules to verify full compliance.
Conducted audits on company policies
Performed quarterly audits of client files
Explained the legal process to each client and answered questions to help ease concerns
Initiated dialogue between all parties involved in the case.
Oversaw firm's day-to-day administrative operations, provided guidance to support staff and enforced
Formulated trial techniques specifically pertaining to each case
Analyzed law sources, including statuses, recorded judicial decisions, legal articles, constitutions, and legal codes
Conducted client interviews and all client intake services
Provided outstanding service to all individuals, promoting effective and lasting business relationships.
Interpreted laws, rulings and regulations for individuals and businesses
To provide advice on land acquisition and real estate management
Assist clients in the application for bail, defense and investigation of criminal charges
Advising clients on tax and other implications of commercial transaction, conducting due diligence investigations ,advising on the legal implications if any ,and assisting with the implementation of commercial transactions



EDUCATION

PhD in Law Candidate – in Oil and Gas Laws
Kampala International University –Kampala –Uganda- 2022 
Masters of Public Administration, 2023
University of Juba-South Sudan 
Post-Graduate Diploma in Public Administration: 2022 
University of Juba-Juba-South Sudan  
Master of Art in Security and Strategic Studies: 2021
University of Juba-Juba-South Sudan 

Master of Laws: 2018
University of Dar Es Salaam - Dar es Salaam- Tanzania 

Bachelor of Laws (Hon): 2012
Dr. John Garang Memorial University of Science & Technology – Bor Town, South Sudan



REFERENCE

Will be provided upon request.
